Day - 3      26/05/2021

Amazon Lambda -- AWS Lambda is a serverless compute service by Amazon web services . Developers do not need to worry about which resources to launch , 
or how to manage them . All they must do is just put the code on amazon Lambda and it should work .

Amazon Elastic Load Balancers :  Scenario :---
(a)-Sudden spoke in application Traffic .                                
(b)Application Crash due to Unknown reasons .         
(c)- EC2 instance crash.

Amazon Elastic Load Balancers ----It is a load balancing service by AWS , which distributes incoming traffic across several targets , such as Amazon EC2 instance ,
Lambda Function , Containers , and range of IP Address in multiple Availability zones .                                                    
(a)- Automatically scales to meet the incoming traffic .                                                                                                  
(b)-Improve Overall performance of application .                                                                                                        
(c)- Increase availability and fault tolerance applications .                                                                                            
(d)- Regular health checks , to send only to healthy targets .

Amazon Elastic Load Balancers  Types----                                                                                                                 
(a)-Classic Load Balancers      -- A Classic Load Balancer makes routing decisions at either the transport layer (TCP/SSL) or the application layer (HTTP/HTTPS).
Classic Load Balancers currently require a fixed relationship between the load balancer port and the container instance port. 

(a)Classic Load Balancers      --A Classic Load Balancer is used for simple load balancing of traffic across multiple EC2 instances.An Application Load Balancer is more 
suited for Microservices based architecture or container-based architecture.Mainly in these architecture there is a need to do load balancing as well as there is a need to 
route traffic to multiple services on same EC2 instance.The Application Load Balancer is considered more intelligent than classic Load Balancer      

example --  it is possible to map the load balancer port 80 to the container instance port 3030 and the load balancer port 4040 to the container instance port 4040.
However, it is not possible to map the load balancer port 80 to port 3030 on one container instance and port 4040 on another container instance. This static mapping requires 
that your cluster has at least as many container instances as the desired count of a single service that uses a Classic Load Balancer. 

(b)- Network Load Balancers  --- A Network Load Balancer makes routing decisions at the transport layer (TCP/SSL). It can handle millions of requests per second.
After the load balancer receives a connection, it selects a target from the target group for the default rule using a flow hash routing algorithm. It attempts to open a
TCP connection to the selected target on the port specified in the listener configuration. It forwards the request without modifying the headers. Network Load Balancers
support dynamic host port mapping.

(b)--What does network load balancing do?--Load balancing is the ability to distribute the data traffic among multiple links and routers within a network to reduce 
congestion and to utilize the unused links in a network.support dynamic host port mapping . 

For example in the Topology (network) below, suppose you are sending data from node A to node B.In L3 or L2 networks, without load balancing enabled, traffic will only
flow via one path from node A to node B.In this case, all the traffic from node A to node B will flow via link 1— node C —link 2, (in RED) even though there is another
path to node B via link 3—node D —link 4. (in GREEN) . This could lead to congestion in links 1 and 2 and at node C.With load balancing, if there are two paths available
from node A to node B, it will use both the available paths to send traffic. Hence, reducing the load on link 1, node C, link 2 and distributing it via link 3, node D, 
link 4 and using the available network bandwidth effectively.     
   
(c)-  Application Load Balancers ------An Application Load Balancer makes routing decisions at the application layer (HTTP/HTTPS), supports path-based routing, and can route
requests to one or more ports on each container instance in your cluster. Application Load Balancers 
