
Day - 10  (Date :  (2-06-2021)

Amazon CloudWatch is a monitoring and observability service built for DevOps engineers, developers, site reliability engineers (SREs), and IT managers. CloudWatch provides you with data and actionable insights to monitor your applications, respond to system-wide performance changes, optimize resource utilization, and get a unified view of operational health. CloudWatch collects monitoring and operational data in the form of logs, metrics, and events, providing you with a unified view of AWS resources, applications, and services that run on AWS and on-premises servers. You can use CloudWatch to detect anomalous behavior in your environments, set alarms, visualize logs and metrics side by side, take automated actions, troubleshoot issues, and discover insights to keep your applications
running smoothly.

* Benefits
- Observability on a single platform across applications and infrastructure
- Easiest way to collect metrics in AWS and on-premises
- Improve operational performance and resource optimization
- Get operational visibility and insight
- Derive actionable insights from logs


Amazon Elastic Container Registry Documentation - Amazon Elastic Container Registry (Amazon ECR) is 
a fully managed Docker container registry that makes it easy for developers to store, manage, and 
deploy Docker container images.

Components of Amazon ECR
Amazon ECR contains the following components:

Registry
An Amazon ECR registry is provided to each AWS account; you can create image repositories in your 
registry and store images in them. For more information, see Amazon ECR private registries.

Authorization token
Your client must authenticate to Amazon ECR registries as an AWS user before it can push and pull 
images. For more information, see Private registry authentication.

Repository
An Amazon ECR image repository contains your Docker images, Open Container Initiative (OCI) images, 
and OCI compatible artifacts. For more information, see Amazon ECR private repositories.

Repository policy
You can control access to your repositories and the images within them with repository policies.
For more information, see Repository policies.

Image
You can push and pull container images to your repositories. You can use these images locally
on your development system, or you can use them in Amazon ECS task definitions and Amazon EKS 
pod specifications. For more information, see Using Amazon ECR images with Amazon ECS and Using 
Amazon ECR Images with Amazon EKS.


Amazon Elastic Container Service Documentation - Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS)
is a highly scalable, fast, container management service that makes it easy to run, stop, and
manage Docker containers on a cluster of Amazon EC2 instances.

Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service Documentation - Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS)
is a managed service that makes it easy for you to run Kubernetes on AWS without needing to
install and operate your own Kubernetes clusters.
